rewrite scatterplotmatrix so it uses patchwork (#986)
insightsengineering/teal.modules.general: NEWS.md

- Improve `tm_missing_data` visualization (#495).
- Multiple decorators can be applied to the same output object (#978).
- Introduced `tm_gtsummary()`, a new module for generating tables using the [gtsummary](https://cran.r-project.org/package=gtsummary) package (#973).
- `tm_g_scatterplotmatrix()` has been rewritten to use `ggplot2` and `patchwork`
  instead of `lattice`. Panel text scales automatically with the number of

>   variables so labels remain readable at any matrix size. Plot construction has
>   been optimised to pass per-column vectors instead of the full data frame to
>   each panel, reducing render time for large variable sets. NA handling retains
>   the familiar **Omit NAs** checkbox (default, `use = "pairwise.complete.obs"`);
>   unchecking it reveals a dropdown with all five `stats::cor()` `use` options.
>   `get_scatterplotmatrix_stats()` has been removed (#986).

Author: ```suggestion
- `tm_g_scatterplotmatrix()` has been rewritten to use `ggplot2` and `patchwork`
  instead of `lattice`. Panel text scales automatically with the number of
  variables so labels remain readable at any matrix size. NA handling retains
  the familiar **Omit NAs** checkbox (default, `use = "pairwise.complete.obs"`);
  unchecking it reveals a dropdown with all five `stats::cor()` `use` options.
  `get_scatterplotmatrix_stats()` has been removed (#986).
```
